in New York City it's the Chelsea
International fine art competition at
agoura gallery agoura gallery is located
at the heart of the Chelsea fine art
district one block from the new and very
unique High Line park this exhibition
showcases the remarkable artwork of jura
selected artists from around the world
these talented artists work at a range
of media and tackle a wide variety of
subjects and themes united by their
shared commitment to sincerity of
expression and creative eloquence it was
real boost to one's confidence to be
chosen and what I particularly like the
whole choice was based on the work
itself there was no need for a
biographical statement or an artist
statement or any kind of history of what
you've done and that was very comforting
and the fact that it was a museum juror
that was lovely but I be Emily but for
me it is very important to have been
selected for this important competition
exhibition it is supportive towards us
artists to show our work for us to be
recognized and it's incentive for other
artists to participate in this event so
he was really flattering like I had no
idea like that somebody that was
prestigious would be like interested in
my work maybe I'm downplaying it but
it was very flattering and I thought it
was really amazing actually the Sonora
for me I
I enjoy very much to be selected in this
division
never exhibit before
I'm you see for me it's an honor and I'm
very happy that they have chosen me for
such a prestigious competition I am very
happy and grateful becoming recognized
my art is because of this i have now
more exhibitions in in spain in more or
less important places so I'm really
really glad I had this opportunity
because of the Z I think that that is
important because there are many artists
around that know how to paint but i
think the the seam and what is thinking
about your artworks before you paint
them that's that's really
thank you I think because I draw and
paint a long time already and establish
various styles and from realism to
abstract at different colors and to try
and find my expression with various
techniques that this appealed to the
jury and that is why I was selected
people are interested in everyday
moments they're interested in what
people do when they're not arranging
themselves and it's one of the reasons
why candid photography is one of the
most popular types of photography and I
care for it myself for that reason Kaiba
kenneth wayne home this image is a
peculiar image of japan i think that
fireworks features the culture of japan
opening beautiful and I momentarily and
falling fragile e at the next moment
these works exist in a Japanese mind
like cherry blossoms in Japan I think
that symbolic expression is the reason
my works were chosen from what I've seen
it's a bit different from the from
even the format and I have like a kind
of signature that's what everybody has
told me of course because I think my
work is original the technique is
innovative the works speak of the
absence of fetishism the paintings are
reproductions of the floor entrances of
the museums in Spain that now are seen
in museums in New York I would like to
think that that is why the work was
chosen I'd like to believe that it's
like I'm bringing a different language
to to the art world without being cocky
about it like I just like to show a
different sort of style agoura gallery
would like to congratulate all of the
artists selected for the 2011 Chelsea
international fine art competition
absolutely I absolutely recommend this
competition to all artists starting off
in their career as well as accomplished
artist it's important to place their
works close to others you see the level
of success they can reach just apply I
applied pretty much on a whim you know
it was I think it was the night of the
deadline I was like I'll just you know
throw my stuff in there it's a waste of
thirty dollars and when it worked out
they just got to try it work very hard
all year
that's all I can say this happening work
to be sincere a little weary work and
probably do the most difficult thing
which is to be yourself best advice for
for artists is try and try and try don't
be shy just send your drugs and
if you don't know how to write the text
about your artworks ask your friend but
can't match I think that swelling and
all make the work that can be made only
by view with originality then I think
you will receive the recognition please
value the originality the agoura gallery
has been incredible around offering the
competition at a reasonable price with
Nick wonderful jurors and I think
everybody should be trying to do it it's
just really exciting opportunity to be
here with all these other amazing
artists just exhibiting a beautiful
space
I